chore(docs): update readme to include info about new functionality (#88)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-sql-python-connector: README.md

# Cloud SQL Connector for Python Drivers

> *Warning*: This project is in an alpha stage and the API is not guaranteed to be stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning**: This project is currently in _alpha_, and releases may contain breaking API changes. 
```

The Cloud SQL Python Connector is a library that can be used alongside a database driver to allow users with sufficient permissions to connect to a Cloud SQL
database without having to manually allowlist IPs or manage SSL certificates.

> Currently supported drivers are [`pymysql`](https://github.com/PyMySQL/PyMySQL) (MySQL), [`pg8000`](https://github.com/tlocke/pg8000) (PostgreSQL), and [`pytds`](https://github.com/denisenkom/pytds) (SQL Server)

Reviewer: Can we make this a list?
